responses/05_add-security-policy.md, before:

## Adding a security policy

Just like most repositories have a `README.md` file to provide instructions on how to contribute to the repository, a `SECURITY.md` file highlights security related information and instructions on how to handle security related issues and best practices.

This gives collaborators the important security information they need, but it also documents a place where maintainers can think about how they should deal with security disclosures, updates, and general security practices within this repository.

### What should I include in my security policy?

Just like a `README.md` file, it really depends on your repository and the requirements and workflows. Here are a few common topics that are documented in a security policy:

- Supported versions
- How to responsibly report a security vulnerability
- Security related configuration
- Known security gaps and future enhancements


## Step 6: Add a SECURITY.md file

1. Navigate to the [Security]({{ repoUrl }}/network/alerts) tab
1. Click on Policy located in the left sidebar
1. Click the **Start Setup** button
1. Commit the template security policy to the new branch as selected `{{ user.username }}-patch-1`
1. Commit the new file and create the pull request

<hr>
<h3 align="center">I'll respond in your pull request with next steps.</h3>

Commit message:

fix instructions for security policy location

responses/05_add-security-policy.md, after:

## Adding a security policy

Just like most repositories have a `README.md` file to provide instructions on how to contribute to the repository, a `SECURITY.md` file highlights security related information and instructions on how to handle security related issues and best practices.

This gives collaborators the important security information they need, but it also documents a place where maintainers can think about how they should deal with security disclosures, updates, and general security practices within this repository.

### What should I include in my security policy?

Just like a `README.md` file, it really depends on your repository and the requirements and workflows. Here are a few common topics that are documented in a security policy:

- Supported versions
- How to responsibly report a security vulnerability
- Security related configuration
- Known security gaps and future enhancements


## Step 6: Add a SECURITY.md file

1. Navigate to the [Security]({{ repoUrl }}/network/alerts) tab
1. Click on Security Policy located in the left sidebar
1. Click the **Start Setup** button
1. Commit the template security policy to the new branch as selected `{{ user.username }}-patch-1`
1. Commit the new file and create the pull request

Alternatively, you could also create a new file in the root directory called `SECURITY.md`, write up a quick security policy, and open a pull request. 

<hr>
<h3 align="center">I'll respond in your pull request with next steps.</h3>
